everybody this is Aaron whited welcome
to learn to play the piano in this short
video we'll go over how to play part two
of Fur Elise and you'll remember from
our last video that we ended on this
note a and the first thing that we're
going to look at is a transition that
moves us from part one into part two and
it starts on the B just above that a and
goes up to the e above that and we start
with our thumb on B and just go up one
finger at a time b c d e ending on our
fourth finger and it sounds like this
and from that transition we move into a
pattern that looks like this notice the
low G below and then the three notes
above it D E and F and you're going to
see that this structure actually repeats
itself over the next few sections and
how we're going to play through this is
starting with our thumb on the G going
up to the F with our pinky and working
back down to our middle finger on the D
and it's going to sound like this so now
we're going to take that structure and
we're just going to move it down one
whole white note so the G at the bottom
is going to move down to the F and the F
at the top is going to move down to the
e and we're going to play through it the
same way thumb at the bottom pinky at
the top ending on our middle finger and
it'll sound like this now we're going to
move the structure down one more time in
the same way the F is going to become e
and E at the top is going to become D
and we'll play through it in like manner
thumb at the bottom pinky at the top
ending on our middle finger and from
here we're going to have another
transition that's going to take us back
into the first part we learned in the
last video and this transition involves
playing a simple pattern over each
octaves to with the thumb one with the
pinky then jumping up to the next octave
two with the thumb one with the pinky
like this
you'll notice that our piano doesn't
have that top e but it's simply the e
the next octave up remember that's the
two E's that repeat are always done with
your thumb the whole right hand part
together sounds like this
now let's take a look at the left hand
the left hand in this second part is
very similar to the left hand in the
first part we learn we're going to be
playing CGC like this and like in the
last video we're going to go bottom
Middle top and we're going to play pinky
index finger thumb or 521 and it's going
to sound like this then all we're going
to do is move the C's down to B's I'm
going to keep the G in the middle and
play through it in the same way pinky
index the bottom Middle top and it'll
sound like this
then we're going to play a part that's
exactly the same as what we learned in
the last video and that's a e a again
bottom Middle top like this
and here's where we begin the transition
back into the first part by playing E
octaves bottom the middle and then
coming in and borrowing the same ethat
our right hand was playing earlier like
this now we're going to put both those
parts together and then we're also going
to take the transition back into the
section we learned in the last video and
you'll see how we bring it all together
to end it'll sound like this
thanks for watching we hope you enjoyed
this short tutorial and you also might
want to check out our YouTube channels
we've got all sorts of videos on
learning how to play the piano
thanks God bless and see you next